**** EDIFF -- a comprehensive interface to diff for Emacs and XEmacs

This directory:

README	    	-- This file
Makefile	-- Automated installation file
ediff.texi	-- Manual in Texinfo format
ediff, ediff-?	-- The Info files
ediff.dvi	-- Manual in DVI format

ediff.el    	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-init.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-help.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-wind.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-util.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-diff.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-merg.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-mult.el   -- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-vers.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-ptch.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
ediff-tbar.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code -- for XEmacs only
ediff-hook.el	-- Ediff Emacs Lisp code
toolbar/	-- Ediff toolbar icons   -- for XEmacs only


To install Ediff do:

		uncompress ediff.tar.Z
		tar xf ediff.tar


Then do the following:

1. To compile Lisp:
		
      	    	make  (or 'make all')
   
2. You can also type

	       make install
	       
   to do what "make all" does plus it will copy the files ediff*.elc
   into a suitable Lisp directory.
   
   To make this happen, you will most likely have to change the PREFIX
   variable in Makefile and, possibly, one or more of these variables:
   
   	DATADIR, LISPDIR, INFODIR, ETCDIR, and VERSION
	
   if they don't point to the right directories in your installation.
   You also need to have a write permission for all directories
   mentioned in LISPDIR, INFODIR, and ETCDIR.
   
3. XEmacs users must invoke `make' with the parameter EMACS=xemacs.
   Even better: edit Makefile directly.

4. Under XEmacs, copy the icons in the `toolbar' directory into
   the-directory-where-xemacs-installed/etc/toolbar/

Normally, all Ediff menus and autoloads are already defined in Emacs, so you
don't need to define anything in your .emacs to run Ediff.
However, if it was announced that this distribution of Ediff contains
new features, you may need to put 

(require 'ediff-hook)

in your .emacs to take advantage of these new features. This doesn't load
Ediff, but readies Emacs for the things to come. When this version of
Ediff gets installed in the standard Emacs distribution, you can remove
the above require-statement (but leaving it in does no harm).
